# Claude Code development of ABRT (Abstract Business Rule Tree) based on a program language AST concept

## Purpose
extract Business Rules (BRs) from Oracle PL/SQL code objects in the database.
It has also been extended to extract BRs from Oracle Forms code

## MCP 
- Installed AWS MySQL MCP (see .mcp.json)
- Bug fixed in AWS MCP to enable switch from readonly to mututable connection. Bug prevents switch from readonly.
- Because of Bug MCP is configured to use local installation rather than load from AWS site.
- The objective of MySQL MCP is to enable the conversion from json files into database tables (see abrt_schema.sql)

## Files
- ABRT_PL-SQL_Business_Rules.md : defines gramma of ABRT for PL/SQL code
- ABRT_Oracle_Forms3_Extension.md : defines gramma of ABRT for Oracle Forms
- example.sql : Five BRs embedded in PL/SQL code. Generated by Google Gemini.
- example_abrt.json : ABRT of example.sql, generated by Claude Code based on ABRT*.md files
- abrt_schema.sql : database schema equivalent of ABRT json file, generated by Claude Code.

## Directories
- plsql_abrt_parser : Rust implementation of Claude Code ABRT. Code Generated by Claude Code
- abrt_loader : Rust implementation that loads an ABRT json to Oracle schema based on schema spec, abrt_schema.sql

## In development
- currently a prompt to Claude Code can extract BRs from PL/SQL code (example-br.sql) and generate json output based on Claude's understanding of an ABRT defined in ABRT*.md files.
- a prompt to Claude Code can load contents of json file into Oracle schema.
- trying to development Rust programs that implement both of these tasks.
- plsql_abrt_parser : bug 1. different business operations (BO) contain same the BR id (e.g. BR-SHIP-002).  Each id needs to be unique to each BO
- abrt_loader : currently reviewing Regular Expressions used and code.
  
## Database
- AWS MySQL - database rulesdb. See environment variables MYSQL*
